cloud: update support doc for support plans (#9772)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md

# TiDB Cloud Support

TiDB Cloud offers support services to your organization. You can use the free Basic support plan in TiDB Cloud or upgrade to a paid plan for extended services.

The service information of each support plan is available on the support page of the TiDB Cloud console. To access the page, see [Check or upgrade your support plan](#check-or-upgrade-your-support-plan).

## Request support

To request support for your organization or project, perform the following steps:

1. Click **Support** on the upper right of the top navigation bar, and click **Create New Case**. A **Submit a request** page is displayed.

    > **Note:**
    >
    > You can also directly click the **Help** icon on the lower right.

> å

Author: ```suggestion

```

# TiDB Cloud Support

> TiDB Cloud offers support services to your organization. You can use the free **Basic** support plan in TiDB Cloud or upgrade to a paid plan for extended services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud offers a free **Basic** support plan in TiDB Cloud for each user and you can upgrade to a paid plan for extended services.
```

The information of each support plan is available on the support page of the TiDB Cloud console. To access the page, see [Check or upgrade your support plan](#check-or-upgrade-your-support-plan).

## Request support

To request support for your organization, project, or cluster, perform the following steps:

1. On the TiDB Cloud console, click **Support** in the upper-right corner of the top navigation bar, and click **Create New Case**. A **Submit a request** page is displayed.

    > **Tip:**
    >
    > You can also directly click the **Help** icon on the lower right of the TiDB Cloud console.

2. On the **Submit a request** page, select **TiDB Cloud Support** from the drop-down list.

3. Fill in the request information.

> 4. Click **Submit** to submit your ticket. After the support team receives your ticket, they will reply to you via email. The response time depends on the support plan of your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Submit** to submit your ticket. After the support team receives your ticket, they will reply to you via email. The response time depends on the [support plan](#check-or-upgrade-your-support-plan) of your organization.
```

    The support page is displayed. On this page, you can see your **Current Plan**. By default, the **Basic** free plan is selected.

2. Choose your desired support plan.

    <SimpleTab>
    <div label="Upgrade to Standard">

    To upgrade to **Standard**:

    1. Click **Select Plan** in the **Standard** pane. A **Finish and Start Using Support** page is displayed.
    2. Check the billing information in the lower-left corner of the page.
    3. Add your payment information in the **Billing Profile** and **Credit Card** areas.

        For more information about billing, see [TiDB Cloud Payment Method](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-billing.md#payment-method).

    4. Click **Confirm and Start Using Support** in the lower-right corner of the page.

    After the payment is finished, you have upgraded you plan to **Standard**.

    </div>
    <div label="Upgrade to Enterprise or Premium">

    To upgrade your plan to **Enterprise** or **Premium**:

    1. Click **Contact Sales** in the **Enterprise** or **Premium** pane. A **Contact Us** page is displayed.

>     2. Fill in and submit your contact information on the page. Then, the support team will contact you and help your further your subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Fill in and submit your contact information on the page. Then, the support team will contact you and help you with your subscription.
```

# TiDB Cloud Support

TiDB Cloud offers support services to your organization. You can use the free **Basic** support plan in TiDB Cloud or upgrade to a paid plan for extended services.

The information of each support plan is available on the support page of the TiDB Cloud console. To access the page, see [Check or upgrade your support plan](#check-or-upgrade-your-support-plan).

## Request support

> To request support for your organization or project, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To request support for your organization, project, or cluster, perform the following steps:
```

> 1. Click **Support** on the upper right of the top navigation bar, and click **Create New Case**. A **Submit a request** page is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the TiDB Cloud console, click **Support** in the upper-right corner of the top navigation bar, and click **Create New Case**. A **Submit a request** page is displayed.
```

Reviewer: This comment is to align with line 39.

>     > **Note:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Tip:**
```

    >

>     > You can also directly click the **Help** icon on the lower right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > You can also directly click the **Help** icon on the lower right of the TiDB Cloud console.
```

> 2. On the **Submit a request** page, select **TiDB Cloud Support** from the dropdown list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the **Submit a request** page, select **TiDB Cloud Support** from the drop-down list.
```

> 3. Fill in the boxes below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Fill in the request information.
```

> 4. Click **Submit** to submit your ticket. After the support team receives your ticket, they will reply to you via email.

Reviewer: Do we need to mention something like "The response time depends on the support plan of your organization? "

Author: ```suggestion
4. Click **Submit** to submit your ticket. After the support team receives your ticket, they will reply to you via email. The response time depends on the support plan of your organization.
```

> 5. Check your email to view the reply, your ticket history, and communication records.

Reviewer: Do we have ticket history in email? @zhoubasten

    Before the ticket is closed, you can continue to communicate with the support team via either of the following two methods:

    - Replying to the email sent by the support team directly
    - Clicking the ticket link attached in the email to go to the support portal to check and add comments to your ticket

## Check your submitted request

After you have submitted a request, to check the status of your request, perform the following steps:

1. On your TiDB Cloud console, click **Support** in the upper-right corner of the top navigation bar, and click **View Support Plan**. The support page is displayed.
2. In the **Request Support** area, click **View Support Portal**. The **My request** page is displayed.

    On the **My request** page, you can view the status of your request.

Alternatively, you can also access the [Customer Support](https://support.pingcap.com/hc/en-us) page, log in to the support portal, and then click **View my requests**.

## Check or upgrade your support plan

> To check and upgrade your support plan, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check or upgrade your support plan, perform the following steps:
```

Author: 其实这里是连续的。。。

1. On your TiDB Cloud console, click **Support** in the upper-right corner of the top navigation bar, and click **View Support Plan**.

    The support page is displayed. On this page, you can see your **Current Plan**. By default, the **Basic** free plan is selected.

2. Choose your desired support plan.

    <SimpleTab>
    <div label="Upgrade to Standard">

    To upgrade to **Standard**:

    1. Click **Select Plan** in the **Standard** pane. A **Finish and Start Using Support** page is displayed.
    2. Check the billing information in the lower-left corner of the page.
    3. Add your payment information in the **Billing Profile** and **Credit Card** areas.

        For more information about billing, see [TiDB Cloud Payment Method](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-billing.md#payment-method).

>     4. Click **Confirm and Pay** in the lower-right corner of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. Click **Confirm and Start Using Support** in the lower-right corner of the page.
```

>     After the payment is finished, you have upgraded you plan to **Standard**.

Reviewer: 9 月 30 号之前是否需要 payment 呢

Author: @zhoubasten cc
收费是常态的话，也许文档里不用写免费信息？

Author: @zhoubasten 认为不写也行

    </div>
    <div label="Upgrade to Enterprise or Premium">

    To upgrade your plan to **Enterprise** or **Premium**:

    1. Click **Contact Sales** in the **Enterprise** or **Premium** pane. A **Contact Us** page is displayed.

>     2. Fill in your information in the **Get in Touch** area and click **SUBMIT**. Then, the support team will contact you and help your further your subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Fill in and submit your contact information on the page. Then, the support team will contact you and help your further your subscription.
```

    </div>
    </SimpleTab>

## Downgrade your support plan

To downgrade your support plan to **Basic**, perform the following steps:

1. On your TiDB Cloud console, click **Support** in the upper-right corner of the top navigation bar, and click **View Support Plan**.

> 2. At the lower part of the **Support** page, click **Downgrade to basic plan**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. At the bottom of the **Support** page, click **Downgrade to basic plan**.
```
